12:00 < nathenharvey> ***** MEETING STARTS *****
12:00 < nathenharvey> Hello!  It's been a couple of weeks since we've held a meeting so it's nice to be back in here with everyone.
12:00 -!- ranjibd [~zenith@2601:646:c501:360e:50a6:9c38:6aad:ba0e] has joined #chef-hacking
12:00 < nathenharvey> Our agenda for today is here - https://github.com/chef/chef-community-irc-meetings/blob/master/2015-09-10-agenda.md
12:01 < nathenharvey> jonlives is playing the role of decider today since holoway is on vacation
12:01 -!- mornap_ [~mornap@159.140.254.105] has joined #chef-hacking
12:01 -!- mornap_ [~mornap@159.140.254.105] has quit [Read error: Connection reset by peer]
12:01 <@jonlives> muahahahaha
12:01  * thom covers his eyes
12:01 -!- mornap_ [~mornap@159.140.254.105] has joined #chef-hacking
12:01 -!- adamleff [~adamleff@pool-70-106-248-114.clppva.fios.verizon.net] has joined #chef-hacking
12:01 < martinisoft_> I for one, welcome our decider
12:01 -!- martinisoft_ is now known as martinisoft
12:02 < nathenharvey> we'll start today with an update on the Community.
12:02 < nathenharvey> I wrote a post about the quality of cookbooks on the Supermarket https://www.chef.io/blog/2015/09/08/the-state-of-the-public-supermarket/
12:03 < nathenharvey> We have an RFC later that's about one of the things we'd like to do to improve so more on that later
12:03 < nathenharvey> in that post we also welcomed tas50 to the Chef team.  He's joined as a cookbook engineere
12:03 < nathenharvey> s/engineere/engineer
12:03 <@jonlives> welcome tas50!
12:04 < tas50> hello all
12:04  * martinb3 cheers.
12:04 -!- clairem [~textual@richfield-28.sisna.com] has joined #chef-hacking
12:04 < nathenharvey> one of the immediate things he's been working on is retiring https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks and moving everything over to https://github.com/chef-cookbooks
12:04  * someara cheers
12:04 < nathenharvey> with some updates to many of the cookbooks along the way
12:05 < nathenharvey> We're making some internal progress on the CBGB and will have some additional info on that prior to the community summit in seattle and we'll discuss it there, too
12:06 <@jonlives> nice
12:06 < nathenharvey> Of course, I have to remind you to register for the summit, please.  Join us in Seattle, London, or both
12:06 < martinisoft> Nice :)
12:06 <@jonlives> will it be discussed at the london summit too?
12:07 -!- moted [~moted@76.105.254.166] has quit []
12:07 < nathenharvey> yes, we'll give the CBGB updates at both.  the London summit will have a slightly different update since it's a few weeks later
12:07 <@jonlives> gravy
12:07 < nathenharvey> That's the community update for today.
12:08 < nathenharvey> adamedx: over to you for an update on Chef
12:08 < adamedx> thanks
12:08 < adamedx> Upcoming news is really all about releases this month
12:08 < adamedx> We're working on the next chefdk release, 0.8.0 for next week
12:09 < adamedx> there's a big focus on PolicyFile improvements, e.g. deletion and other management tasks
12:09 < adamedx> and for the month we'd like to round out the rest of the PolicyFile functionality and also release a chef-client + server where PolicyFile can be used without any feature flags
12:10 < adamedx> Additionally
12:10 < adamedx> we are working on a native x64 Windows package (our current package uses a 32-bit Ruby process which runs fine on 64-bit Windows, but makes things complicated in a way that only Windows users will fully appreciate :) )
12:11 < adamedx> Expect to see that 64-bit native Windows package at the end of the month in a "preview" form
12:11 < adamedx> for Windows users we'd love for you to try it out and will encourage you to do so as soon as we release it
12:11 < adamedx> it will eventually be the only package available for 64-bit Windows systems
12:11 < adamedx> that's it for me
12:12 -!- juliancdunn [~jdunn@2001:4830:1100:80ae:230:1bff:febe:eb33] has joined #chef-hacking
12:12 < adamedx> back to you Nathen
12:13 < nathenharvey> great, thanks!
12:13 <@jonlives> and now nathen's going to introduce the PR section. onto our first PR, proposed by nathen :p
12:13 < nathenharvey> we have one PR to review today - https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/147
12:13 < nathenharvey> this is an RFC about measuring the quality of cookbooks on the supermarket
12:14 < nathenharvey> my hope during the RFC process is to agree that a system similar to what's proposed is a good thing and then move the implementation discussion over to a separate repo
12:14 < nathenharvey> given that...here's what I'm proposing:
12:15 < nathenharvey> we need some way to make it easier for everyone to find and write better cookbooks on the supermarket.  to do so, we need some objective, automated ways of measuring what makes a cookbook 'better'
12:15 -!- adamedx_ [~adamedx@209.210.191.28] has joined #chef-hacking
12:15 < nathenharvey> with some inspiration from foodcritic, rubocop, and other such tools.  I'm suggesting that we create a cookbook quality metrics system
12:16 < nathenharvey> this system would allow us to collaboratively and iteratively come up with various qualities that should be measured
12:16 < ranjibd> +1 on the initiative
12:16 < nathenharvey> we'd then expose a score or some indication of quality on the supermarket as well as a way to easily see how that score was created
12:16 -!- Aevin1387 is now known as Aevin1387_
12:17 -!- adamedx [~adamedx@209.210.191.28] has quit [Ping timeout: 244 seconds]
12:17 -!- adamedx_ is now known as adamedx
12:17 <@jonlives> there was already some discussion on the PR betwen martinb3 and I on this, coming down on the side of a traffic light system to give a rough indication, and full scores for those interested. equally weighted rules, and a "style" tag which would weight all style metrics in aggregate alongside each other "correctness" metric.
12:17 <@coderanger> I'll just echo what I said on there, I think we should move forward with documenting the metrics we want to track, but remove any concept of a composite score or display for now in favor of showing each metric individually. When we have more of a feel for all of them and can look at how the metrics work in practice we can look at building composites (though I like the traffic light idea more than numeric karma-y scores). Notable all the inspiration
12:17 <@coderanger> s do the same, there is no ranking system for FC or Rubocop violations.
12:17 < ranjibd> but as others said, we'll need categorical metrics, other than nominal metrics. for things like platform support
12:18 <@someara> +1 on the initiative, my only reservation is that the "easy to automate" metrics like rubocop / foodcritic are typically cosmetic and don't actually tell you if it works, works on your platform, or measures "reusability" in a meaningful way
12:18 < ranjibd> just raw numbers or global indicators can be very misleading
12:18 < nathenharvey> the https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/cookbook-quality-metrics repository will work in a similar way as the RFC repo.  Propose new metric via a PR, maintainers approve, it gets merged
12:18 <@jonlives> I would actually disagree with leaving the composite score for now, because I think that's going to be most immediately impactful for folks. I'd propose all rules being equally weighted to begin with tho.
12:18 < martinisoft> That sounds reasonable. A first pass could be indicating what is present in the cookbook? Are there tests? If so, do they run and pass? What Chef Versions are supported? Which platforms does it support?
12:18 <@jonlives> and we can tweak balance as we go.
12:18 < ranjibd> ditto as someara said.
12:19 < martinb3> +1 on the initiative. I like starting with an aggregate score.  I think the devil's in the details on the quality metrics, though,.
12:19 <@coderanger> Also picking metrics is going to be damn hard. Foodcritic is basically dead for practical purposes due to not having a release in a year, the non-lint rules on Rubocop are generally hugely controversial, etc.
12:19 <@thom> someara: right, but they do indicate the developer cares, which is actually an important metric
12:19 <@jonlives> someara: right - that was behind my suggestion of making all "style" metrics such as rubocop and foodcritic count in aggregate the same as each other metric individually.
12:19 < tas50> I'd like to focus heavily on things like there are specs, there is a kitchen config, it has maintainer information and a name attribute.  Less on things like lint passes, but that is part of it.
12:19 < ranjibd> yup
12:19 < nathenharvey> The current repo contains a very small subset of the metrics I think we'd like to measure.  I can easily see that number reaching 100 or more pretty quickly which is why I'd argue for some sort of high level indicator
12:19 <@thom> yup
12:20 <@jonlives> tas50: agreed
12:20 < martinb3> I'm also concerned for folks that have put tests in non-standard places or written custom foodcritic rules, since those may a generic check we'd write.
12:20 -!- Igorshp [~igorshp@109.231.237.58] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
12:20 < martinb3> those may break, even.
12:20 < martinisoft> tas50: Think we agree then :)
12:20 -!- lamont_ [~lamont@c-71-231-26-189.hsd1.wa.comcast.net] has joined #chef-hacking
12:20 < tas50> I also suspect as time goes on we'll identify more indicators of quality that we can measure
12:20 < martinb3> ^ agree.
12:20 <@jonlives> I think another compelling reason behind the "traffic light" or whatever is that newer chef users may not know how to interpret the many many rules that make up the score. they want an initial "should I even bother trying to use this" check
12:20 <@coderanger> For example, every one of my cookbooks has specs in a non-standard folder.
12:21 < stevenmurawski> martinb3: if the tests are in a non-standard place, scoring would give them incentive to move them
12:21 <@coderanger> stevenmurawski: No, just flat out no.
12:21 < martinb3> stevenmurawski: I actually think there are cases where the non-standard place is cleaner.
12:21 < ranjibd> i feel we'll need a CI thing where we can actually run test-kitchen or some sort of integration tests..
12:21 < ranjibd> stevenmurawski, -1
12:21 -!- heathsnow [~heathsnow@63-158-207-60.dia.static.qwest.net] has joined #chef-hacking
12:21 < martinb3> e.g. putting all tests under './tests' vs. having './tests/integration' and './spec'.
12:21 <@coderanger> ^^ literally what I do
12:21  * stevenmurawski concedes
12:21 <@jonlives> lets not get too far down the test location rabbithole at this stage
12:22 <@thom> jonlives++
12:22 < cheeseplus> ^
12:22 <@jonlives> we *can* agree that tests are an important metric ;)
12:22 < ranjibd> most of the things recommended in the current proposal are cosmetic.. important things like whether this cookbook runs on ubuntu or centos is way more important
12:22 <@coderanger> jonlives: I don't think it is a rabbit hole in all respects, it shows how hard this is even for a "really simple metric"
12:22 < martinb3> Yeah, I'm just thinking in general, the devil is in the details, and we should make a statement that we will pay close attention to those details when implementing metrics, vs. rolling some out, putting a big red X on stuff, and then fixing it later.
12:22 < martinisoft> ranjibd: Yes. This is what I mentioned earlier.
12:22 < c_t> I'd just like to toss in that however the "traffic light" is represented, you could do something besides just small "green" and "red" icons
12:22 <@jonlives> coderanger: it's a rabbit hole if all we're discussing today is the general idea not the implementation :) how we implement the test metric would be a whole separate discussion.
12:22 < c_t> I realize that's the very definition of bikeshedding, but some other way to distinguish the two would be awfully nice
12:23 <@coderanger> jonlives: For this to work, we need to sort this out in fairly excruciating detail so people know how the metrics works
12:23 < nathenharvey> ranjibd: most are cosmetic b/c those were the ones that I wrote first.  There are plenty of additional ones that need to be added
12:23 < ranjibd> yeah. c_t  i was hoping for platform specific icon as well .. like ubuntu/centos/etc
12:23 -!- heathsnow [~heathsnow@63-158-207-60.dia.static.qwest.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
12:23 < martinb3> I'd like to just be sure we're avoiding the situation where we slap a big red X on a cookbook because we didn't think that deeply about a metric.
12:23 <@jonlives> coderanger: I'm going by nathenharvey's initial comment of "my hope during the RFC process is to agree that a system similar to what's proposed is a good thing and then move the implementation discussion over to a separate repo"
12:23 < c_t> ranjibd: that too, but also some of us have to stare pretty hard at those little round red/green icons to figure out what they are
12:23 -!- heathsnow [~heathsnow@63-158-207-60.dia.static.qwest.net] has joined #chef-hacking
12:23 < martinb3> I'm okay with moving the metric discussion to the separate repo, but I want it to happen before the actual ranking shows up in production Supermarket.
12:23 < ranjibd> nathenharvey, agree. but if we force certain global nominal value.. we'll be dealing with weight related discussion in future
12:23 <@coderanger> jonlives: My worry is that we are talking about using this for ranking and can't show even one example of a good metric to use
12:23 < martinisoft> I'll just comment in the PR.
12:24 <@jonlives> coderanger: there are a bunch of initial metrics in the repo that make a good start I think
12:24  * c_t gets off his grayscale soapbox
12:24 < nathenharvey> ranjibd: right.  which is why the proposed system allows for weighted scores per metric...but ...
12:24 -!- heathsnow [~heathsnow@63-158-207-60.dia.static.qwest.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
12:24 < nathenharvey> we're getting too far into the weeds, I think.
12:24 -!- heathsno_ [~heathsnow@63-158-207-60.dia.static.qwest.net] has joined #chef-hacking
12:24 <@jonlives> so here's what I'd like to suggest
12:24 < nathenharvey> question is should we implement a system?
12:24 < clairem> c_t: agree with you
12:24 < tas50> The idea of a metrics system and how we'd go about implementing that UI in supermarket really should be separate discussions
12:24 < ranjibd> we can build tools that / things that exploit those individual metrics and expose some global thing.. for those who want it
12:24 -!- Aevin1387_ is now known as Aevin1387
12:24 < nathenharvey> then we should argue about that system in other meetings
12:25 <@coderanger> jonlives: I've pointed out issues with all of them I think, it's a start but needs a lot of work to be usable for ranking since thats a high bar compared to just gathering data.
12:25 < ranjibd> that will keep the rfc consumable for all. and the global metrics for those who want it
12:25 < martinb3> I propose we do agree to implement a system, move metric discussion to the other repo, and agree to review any ranking/metrics and their output on the current set of cookbooks before they are published in production Supermarket.
12:25 < ranjibd> +1 martinb3
12:26 <@jonlives> I'd like the RFC to clarify that we will include an aggregate score (format tbd) for each cookbook such that it doesn't require grokking the entire metric pass / fail table
12:26 <@jonlives> but other than that I'm also in favor
12:26 < ranjibd> this is a very common issue.. and long standing one.. lets move forward
12:26 < martinb3> I'm okay with an aggregate ranking too. +1
12:26 <@someara> we should select a test set of cookbooks to play with on this
12:26 < martinb3> But I do want to analyze it before it goes out :).
12:26 <@jonlives> martinb3: yeah that part would be a whole separate discussion again methinls
12:26 <@jonlives> *methinks
12:26 < martinb3> agreed.
12:27 <@jonlives> this would just amend the RFC to say that we commit to there being an aggregate score of some shape or size.
12:27 <@jonlives> nathenharvey: what say ye?
12:27 < nathenharvey> I will update the RFC to state that there will be some sort of aggregate metric and that data will be gathered prior to making it viewable on the supermarket by default
12:27 <@thom> +1
12:27 < martinb3> +1
12:27 < martinisoft> +1
12:27 < ranjibd> -1
12:28 <@coderanger> -1
12:28 -!- Igorshp [~igorshp@109.231.237.58] has joined #chef-hacking
12:28 < nathenharvey> ranjibd: coderanger - your remaining objections are with the aggregate metric?
12:28 < lamont_> +1
12:28 < ranjibd> yes
12:28 <@coderanger> nathenharvey: Yep, I think its a bad idea.
12:29 < stevenmurawski> +1
12:29 <@jonlives> ranjibd / coderanger what would you propose to make it easy for less experienced folks to get an idea of cookbook quality?
12:29 < ranjibd> for me .. the single most important thing is platform support and test-kitchen / integrations test.. i see aggregate metrics inducing more confusion to get that info from this metric system
12:29 < martinb3> I feel like, when we take a look at what the output data looks like, we'd have something more concrete to debate about RE: an aggregate metric. And we could reverse course on it if we think it's bad at that point.
12:30 < ranjibd> i can think of a global quality metric, and flags for platforms..
12:30 < ranjibd> i still ponder about versions within platform etc..
12:30 < ranjibd> like as ubuntu LT i want to test out the top 20 ubuntu cookbooks..
12:30 <@coderanger> jonlives: I think we can't jump directly there, and trying to iterate on this live is going to suck, we should set up the metrics and see how they play out  for a while.
12:31 <@coderanger> jonlives: And maybe after that try to figure out how to aggregate them
12:31 < martinb3> ranjibd: I feel like someone considering a cookbook should be able to expand the aggregate metric and look specifically at platform support and test-kitchen tests. Would that address the concern?
12:31 -!- mornap_ [~mornap@159.140.254.105] has quit [Read error: Connection reset by peer]
12:31 <@jonlives> coderanger: I do see the point there, but I'm also concerned that this is not going to produce something usable by non-expert chef users in the short term
12:31 < ranjibd> i think so..
12:31 < martinisoft> I'd love to spot the 3 cookbooks supporting FreeBSD easily. o/
12:31 < nathenharvey> whatever system we launch with will be no where near complete and will absolutely require additional iterations
12:31 < martinb3> Maybe we could add language about the individual metrics always being available, to address the concern?
12:31 <@coderanger> jonlives: I agree, it won't. That's just the nature of the problem.
12:31 <@jonlives> I like martinb3's suggestion actually
12:32 <@coderanger> jonlives: And this seems to be saying "fuck it we'll do it live" instead of solving that.
12:32 < ranjibd> what your are saying apart from global metric.. we'll have those individual metrics as well
12:32 <@jonlives> of being able to expand the agg score to the most "commonly" cared about metrics.
12:32 <@jonlives> coderanger: essentially it is though - we can theorise this all we want, but without putting it in front of real users we'll never know how well it'll work.
12:32 -!- mornap [~mornap@159.140.254.105] has joined #chef-hacking
12:32 < nathenharvey> ranjibd: yes.  some aggregate sort of score but all of the details of how that score was derived would be easily accessible, too
12:32 < martinb3> Correct. You should be able to expand easily and see why it scored an "A" or a "B". And decide if the individual factors matter to you individually.
12:32 <@coderanger> jonlives: Which works in some places, but I have a strong suspicion that as the author of ::handwave:: idiosyncratic cookbooks, this will have a direct impact one me.
12:33 <@coderanger> jonlives: So I'm trying to push to build this system defensively
12:33 < ranjibd> this problem is no different than standard github repo problem
12:33 <@coderanger> In a way that won't effectively poison the well with bad data until we can be much more certain we have good data
12:33 <@coderanger> Supermarket is already a joke re: quality, we don't get an unlimited number of do-overs.
12:34 < ranjibd> so.. supermarket can show N flags.,., and a global score.. while the cookbook source code repo can show only the global metric.. may be
12:34 < martinb3> coderanger: That's why I wanted to add a proviso that we will analyze and decide if we like the outcomes of the metrics (both singly and in aggretare) before anything goes live.
12:34 < martinb3> err aggregate.
12:34 <@coderanger> martinb3: Sure, thats basically the same thing I'm saying, just I don't think we should commit to an aggregate metric just because we think it is a good idea before seeing any data.
12:35 < ranjibd> yeah.. also when we can specify scenarios upfront where this does not help
12:35 < martinb3> I'm okay with leaving the aggregate language as something we want to explore, but not necessarily a requirement until we compare specific aggregate metrics and how they have.
12:35 <@coderanger> Yes, that
12:35 <@coderanger> :)
12:35 < martinb3> err behave.
12:35 <@jonlives> coderanger: it's not a question of data. novice chef users want to see a "seal of quality" on cookbooks without needing to understand in detail what we use to determine that. the folks in this room are not typical chef users in that regard, in that we all (largely) know that stuff already
12:35 <@coderanger> jonlives: I would love to give them that, but I'm not convinced we can at this point.
12:36 <@jtimberman> I have so many opinions.
12:36 <@jonlives> if we just have a table of metrics, the only people who can use that are,I'd argue, the people who need it the least
12:36 <@thom> (or that we're able to make a determination easily based on inspection)
12:36 <@coderanger> Giving people more data is at least a start
12:36 <@thom> coderanger: only if they know how to interpret it
12:36 <@coderanger> thom: _we_ don't know how to interpret yet, so how can we do it for them?
12:36 <@jonlives> ok so what if (bear with me)
12:37 <@someara> friendly reminder that the Metaphysics of Quality has been known to drive people mad
12:37 < ranjibd> lol
12:37 < martinb3> I don't think we'll shoot down the idea that we need some aggregate metric, for the uninitiated.
12:37 <@coderanger> someara: srsly, this is why I prefer the "ALL the datas!" approach for now :)
12:37 <@jonlives> we state in the RFC that we will a) commit to producing an aggregate score which is very much tbd b) easily show how we calculated that score, with easily visible data on platform support & testing etc and c) also publish the full scores for them wot wants it.
12:38 <@jonlives> we're only committing to working towards producing an aggregate score, bear in mind.
12:38 < martinb3> jonlives: +1, but also that we don't publish anything in production until we've had a chance to review it and be sure we get feedback.
12:38 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- [chef] jaym created jdm/disable-service-specs (+1 new commit): http://git.io/vZBG3
12:38 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- chef/jdm/disable-service-specs 7d62aa4 Jay Mundrawala: Allow windows_service_spec to only run in appveyor...
12:38 <@jonlives> because I think we all agree that we would like one eventually, even if we need data first.
12:38 <@jonlives> martinb3: yes, I think that's fair too.
12:39 <@jonlives> is there anybody -1 to ^^
12:39 <@coderanger> jonlives: I'm still not in love with "commit" on there, but I think I've said my piece and if we get data and it doesn't work we can un-commit
12:39 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- [omnibus-chef] randomcamel deleted cd/revert-rubygems at ff00ed1: http://git.io/vZBGP
12:39 <@coderanger> jonlives: Perhaps I'm taking that more strongly than it is intended
12:40 <@jonlives> coderanger: maybe better phrases as "if at all practicable we will try to" :p
12:40 <@coderanger> jonlives: Yeah, its cool as a goal, I'm just unconvinced it is attainable, but still fine with making it aspirational :)
12:41 < martinb3> We may even find we want more than one.
12:41 <@jonlives> nathenharvey: sounds like we have a rough agreement on tweaks to make to the RFC then :)
12:41 < nathenharvey> I propose that I update the RFC to reflect jonlives suggestions and we review next week
12:41 <@jonlives> agreed
12:41 <@coderanger> Yeah, I suspect the final form is going to be individual counts of green/yellow/red. Thats the format I've seen work most often.
12:41 < martinisoft> I am actually a full +1 as the RFC stands because it only indicates we will collaborate on creating metrics in a separate repo. Correct me if I am wrong here, but I think we might agree there should be cookbook quality standards, we just don't agree on those standards (yet).
12:41 <@coderanger> But thats still some form of aggregate metric
12:41 < martinb3> martinisoft: that's how I understand it, yes.
12:42 <@coderanger> Ditto
12:42 <@jonlives> martinisoft: right - I'm just clarifying a few aspirations we'd like to work towards if possible :p
12:42 <@coderanger> And I'm mostly personally worried my code is going to get dinged and that has serious negative impact for me.
12:42 < martinb3> I'd love to continue the discussion with actual metrics and then data about how they perform against cookbooks in Supermarket. I'm okay with an aspirational "the community has expressed a need for an aggregate metric..."
12:43 <@coderanger> (as someone who's livelihood is directly tied to perceptions of quality in the chef world)
12:43 < martinisoft> Just think the conversation is de-railing a lot towards specific things (I'm guilty of this and updating my comment now) versus the idea of actually having a quality system at all.
12:44 < nathenharvey> the RFC is less than 24 hours old, too.  so I think the best course of action is to revisit next week with some changes
12:44 < nathenharvey> and, in the meantime, discuss the virtues of the proposal in the RFC PR and the details of the metrics in the cookbook quality metrics repo (https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/cookbook-quality-metrics)
12:44 <@jonlives> agreed ^^
12:44 <@jtimberman> I agree with the words nathenharvey said, let's revisit next week.
12:45 <@coderanger> All I would add is we shouldn't let scoring get in the way of working on metrics :)
12:45 <@coderanger> I would say for now let's accept/discuss new metrics with a big ol' TBD for scores
12:45 <@jonlives> yeah the implementation of scoring is totally not firm yet, that's def an "implementation" discussion for later.
12:46 -!- dekae [~Twisted@50.111.35.214] has joined #chef-hacking
12:46 -!- dekae [~Twisted@50.111.35.214] has quit [Changing host]
12:46 -!- dekae [~Twisted@pdpc/supporter/active/dekae] has joined #chef-hacking
12:46 < nathenharvey> we have 4 minutes left and nothing else on the agenda.
12:46 < martinb3> Seems like we can revise and revisit.
12:46 < nathenharvey> thanks for all the feedback on this.  very helpful!
12:47 <@jonlives> thanks for proposing this nathenharvey, the one thing we can all agree on I think is that we definitely want these metrics :p
12:47 < adamleff> So glad to see general across-the-board support for making things better, so for that, Iâ€™m thankful to everyone.
12:47 < nathenharvey> Ok...
12:47 < martinisoft> Yes, thank you nathenharvey. Awesome blog post too.
12:47 < nathenharvey> ***** MEETING ENDS *****
