Meeting called to order by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) - 16:00 UTC

### Community Update - Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey)

* Community Summits coming
* [London 12-13 October](https://summit.chef.io/london/)
  * Registration open
  * Looking for sponsors
  * Summit will include community demos, come share the awesome things you've been working on!
  * Likely have a hack day on 14 October
* [Seattle 26-27 October](https://summit.chef.io/)
  * Planning still underway, tickets and more information soon.
  * Likely have a small Habitat summit on 25 October
  * Likely have a hack day on 28 October
* PowerShell when OSS today and @mwrockx will have one of the first PRs in to it

### Software Updates

* ChefDK 0.17 went out yesterday
* In the process of moving Chef and ChefDK on to ruby 2.3.1 - https://discourse.chef.io/t/chef-12-14-will-be-on-ruby-2-3-1/9206
* Chef 12.13 and ChefDK 0.16 are the last releases to support Ruby 2.1
* chef_nginx 2.8 and 2.9 which is the chef maintained fork of the community nginx cookbook
* Foodcritic 7.1 shipped
*

### [PR-213 - Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/213)
* Status: Ongoing
* Discussion:
  * The biggest barrier to adopting this is the per-commit requirement.  *Would we satisfy the legal requirement if at least one commit in a given pull request includes the attestation?* - Nathen will work with Chef's legal department to drive to an answer for this question.  That discussion may happen publicly.  If so, time, date, and instructions for joining the discussion will be posted here and in the #developer-meetings channel in Slack.
  * Other things that were discussed include the idea of having a separate "whitelist" process for all maintainers stating that those individuals are exempt from the sign-off.  This may be helpful for maintainers but does not help non-maintainers understand the flow of contributions.

Meeting adjourned by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) - 16:52 UTC

Next Meeting:

[Thursday, August 25, 2016 9AM-9:50AM PST](http://everytimezone.com/#2016-8-25,240,cn3)