Meeting called to order by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) 16:00

### Community Update Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey)

* [ChefConf tickets](https://chefconf.chef.io) are on sale now.  Early bird ends April 17.
  * Contributor Discounts - Contributor discount code: GotChef This gets you an additional $295 off early bird pricing
  * The first day consists of training workshops and a community summit.  Tickets for these are separate.  Please plan accordingly.
* Release and Security Announcements will now be posted to Discourse in the Release and Security Announcements categories, respectively.  Please be sure to update your subscription and notification settings accordingly.
* http://status.chef.io/ was recently updated, too.  It's a good idea to check that out and update your subscriptions.
* Our Discourse account allows for tagging of messages.  I'd like to enable these tags but wanted to poll this group first.  Should we just do it or should this be more fully discussed via an RFC?
  * TODO:  Research tagging and update existing RFC or add a new one (nathenharvey)

### Chef Client and Server update - Adam Edwards (adamedx)

* The April 13th release will be the official GA of the 64-bit chef-client -- this will be the default client installed on 64-bit Windows systems via the web site, knife bootstraps etc.
  * You can install from the current channel today:
    * `. { iwr -useb https://omnitruck.chef.io/install.ps1 } | iex; install -channel current -project chef`

### Chef Software Update -  Adam Jacob (holoway)

* Nothing to report

### [PR-193 - Change Ohai version numbers to match Chef](https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/193)
* Discussion:
  * btm just noted that he didn't think it was worth bumping chef when ohai changed, since the velocity of chef is higher in general anyway
  * makes sense as long as any critical ohai issue just triggers a chef release
  * TODO:  update the versioning section in rfc047 to note that chef/chef-config/ohai should have their version numbers bumped in sync (thom)
* Status:
  * Approved

Meeting adjourned by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) 16:41

Next Meeting:

[Thursday, April 7, 2016 9AM-9:50AM PDT](http://everytimezone.com/#2016-4-7,240,cn3)
