16:00 <@nathenharvey> ***** MEETING STARTS *****
16:00 -!- adamleff [~adamleff@pool-70-106-248-114.clppva.fios.verizon.net] has joined #chef-hacking
16:00 <@nathenharvey> Agenda for today can be found on GitHub - https://github.com/chef/chef-community-irc-meetings/blob/master/2015-07-30-agenda.md
16:01 <@nathenharvey> Adam isn't around today so thom and I will facilitate the meeting
16:01 <@nathenharvey> we'll start with a couple of updates and then have 5 PRs to look at
16:02 <@nathenharvey> On the community front, we hope to see you all at the Summit either in Seattle, London, or BOTH! http://summit.chef.io
16:03 <@nathenharvey> mailing list migration to discourse continues and we are on track to have that completed well before summit
16:03 -!- SkiDamien___ [sid1114@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wgxpugwgigcxwlby] has joined #chef-hacking
16:03 -!- Guest52340 [sid1101@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bpkobrszsjnvfdva] has joined #chef-hacking
16:03 <@nathenharvey> that's it for the community update.  as always, happy to answer whatever questions you have
16:03 -!- ssd7 [~ssd@host81-135-251-49.range81-135.btcentralplus.com] has joined #chef-hacking
16:03 -!- mode/#chef-hacking [+o ssd7] by ChanServ
16:04 <@nathenharvey> in the meantime, I'd like to turn it over to adamedx for an update
16:04 < adamedx> hello
16:04 -!- rsmomo [~rsmomo@209.210.191.28] has joined #chef-hacking
16:04 < adamedx> not a lot for chef-client / chef-server
16:04 < adamedx> we are releasing a new chefdk very soon
16:04 < adamedx> we were blocked on dependency conflicts between chef-provisioning and knife-windows
16:04 < adamedx> that have now been resolved
16:05 < adamedx> that's pretty much it from chef land
16:05 -!- Igorshp [~igorshp@109.231.237.58] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
16:06 < adamedx> back to you Nathen
16:06 <@nathenharvey> thanks, adamedx
16:06 <@nathenharvey> we'll pause for a minute to see if anyone else has updates they'd like to share
16:07 -!- nellshamrell [~Adium@2601:602:8800:3b00:980e:4670:d78:eedf] has joined #chef-hacking
16:07 <@nathenharvey> The first PR on our agenda, https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/143, is now marked as "on hold"
16:08 <@nathenharvey> jkeiser: want to discuss that this week or push it out to our next meeting?
16:08 < jkeiser> Delay good
16:08 < jkeiser> There are things to resolve there
16:09 <@nathenharvey> sounds good!  I'll add it to the agenda after you remove the on hold tag, thanks
16:09 -!- adamedx [~adamedx@103.sub-70-199-98.myvzw.com] has quit [Quit: adamedx]
16:09 -!- lamont_ [~lamont@c-71-231-26-189.hsd1.wa.comcast.net] has joined #chef-hacking
16:09 <@nathenharvey> next up is ohai identity attributes RFC - https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/108
16:09 <@thom> i suspect that the next one probably ought to be on hold, since it;s not had any updates post ohai config
16:09 <@nathenharvey> lamont_: you're just in time ;)
16:10 < lamont_> (oddly enough like someone just ping'd me about a meeting i forgot about...)
16:11 -!- cheeseplus [sid4449@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ytlrhyonhipkvnys] has joined #chef-hacking
16:11 <@nathenharvey> lamont_: are there still some updates required for this RFC?
16:11 -!- schisamo [sid4641@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vdbgpqbhrkxsumnq] has joined #chef-hacking
16:11 < lamont_> yeah it needs to be updated for the ohai config stuff that is going in
16:11 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- [chef-rfc] jkeiser pushed 1 new commit to jk/property-defaults: http://git.io/vOvGP
16:11 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- chef-rfc/jk/property-defaults e189ac2 John Keiser: Remove reset
16:12 <@nathenharvey> great, let's get it tagged 'on hold' and we'll add to the agenda once it's been updated and the tag removed
16:12 < lamont_> yep
16:12 <@nathenharvey> Next up:  adding reclassify_amazon_linux_platform_family.md - https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/109
16:12 < lamont_> lol
16:12 < lamont_> is sean around?
16:13 <@coderanger> someara: ping
16:13 < lamont_> do i get to win this argument by forfeit?  =)
16:13 <@nathenharvey> while we wait for sean, let's move on to RFC some changes to default behavior - https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/135
16:14 <@thom> lamont_: i think it's one all on forfeits :P
16:14 < jkeiser> I believe this and the other one of mine were at the "rubberstamp probably but let's let it stew for a week" point
16:14 -!- ganaiwali [~ganaiwali@182.71.174.246] has quit [Quit: ganaiwali]
16:14 <@coderanger> jkeiser: Still needs the copyright section at the bottom
16:14 < jkeiser> And there haven't been changes (except a minor edit I just made in response to a comment by coderanger last week)
16:14 < jkeiser> OK, I'll do that
16:15 <@thom> yeah, i think this is hot to trot once the copyright bits are in
16:15 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- [chef-rfc] jkeiser pushed 1 new commit to jk/property-defaults: http://git.io/vOvCC
16:15 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- chef-rfc/jk/property-defaults ad47106 John Keiser: Add copyright section
16:15 < jkeiser> ok :)
16:15 -!- j^2 [sid14252@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcywjrkhtnknupqi] has joined #chef-hacking
16:15 <@coderanger> Also we need to go over the examples
16:16 <@coderanger> Like https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/135/files#diff-33830e75b3da674c1209b19f34e69f4cR75
16:16 <@coderanger> That wouldn't throw an error as mentioned because lazy defaults get stickied?
16:16 <@ssd7> ^- same question from me
16:16 <@ssd7> I'm pretty sure the language there is reversed, example shouldn't throw an error
16:17 < martinb3> ^- I'd also like a clearer error message indicating _why_ something is frozen (e.g. this value is used across all instances of this resource)
16:17 < jkeiser> There isn't a way to do a clearer error message, sadly
16:17 <@coderanger> martinb3: Not sure thats possible
16:17 < jkeiser> It's a core ruby thing
16:17 < martinb3> Ah. Not a rubyist by trade :)
16:17 <@coderanger> Core ruby thing and doesnt have its own exception class
16:17 < kallistec> What kind of error is it?
16:17 < martinb3> I withdraw that then.
16:17 <@coderanger> runtimeerror :(
16:17 < martinb3> "RuntimeError: can't modify frozen Array"
16:18 < kallistec> we can still grep for "can't modify frozen"
16:18 < kallistec> and suggest a list of frozen things we know about
16:18 <@coderanger> kallistec: Down that path lies grossness I think
16:18 <@ssd7> What version are we thinking this would land in?
16:18 < kallistec> in the error inspector
16:18 -!- Aevin1387 is now known as Aevin1387_
16:18 < jkeiser> 12.5
16:18 -!- poliva83_ [63ebedb9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.99.235.237.185] has joined #chef-hacking
16:18 <@coderanger> ssd7: Already on master for 12.5
16:18 < kallistec> coderanger: better than nothing IMO
16:18 -!- rsmomo [~rsmomo@209.210.191.28] has quit [Quit: Leaving...]
16:18 -!- tkuchiki [~tkuchiki@softbank126066110054.bbtec.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
16:19 <@ssd7> Ah, must have missed this commit.  Have we seen much breakage in community cookbooks with not being able to write to default arrays?
16:19 < kallistec> compare to a 401. for security reasons, the server can't say if your username or key is wrong
16:19 < kallistec> so we say, it's one of these things
16:19 < martinb3> I was just hoping for something that will be educational to the user; it might help them write better code & have more understanding, vs. "Why is this frozen?". But I understand if it's a core ruby thing.
16:19 < jkeiser> ssd7: not yet, our cookbook testing hasn't run into it anyway
16:19 < jaym> it has
16:19 < jkeiser> martinb3: your desire is a very good one :)
16:19 < martinb3> :D
16:19 < jaym> isn't that the bug we ran into with the packagecloud repo?
16:20 < jkeiser> jaym: I haven't fixed any bugs related to it
16:20 <@coderanger> kallistec: I mean the stack trace will point to the modification line already
16:20 < jkeiser> jaym: so if it is, it's still open and I don't know about it yet
16:20 <@coderanger> kallistec: So I think it won't be unclear
16:20 < jaym> i must be thinking of something else
16:20 <@coderanger> kallistec: The most I would add is an explanation of why it was frozen
16:20 < martinb3> Well, it'll be "don't do this" vs. "here's why this doesn't work"
16:20 < martinb3> But yeah, explanation of freezing +1, if it's at all possible.
16:21 < kallistec> right, but frozen objects are not a thing a novice rubyist would know a lot about, plus chef is freezing things on your behalf
16:21 -!- Igorshp [~igorshp@109.231.237.58] has joined #chef-hacking
16:21 < jkeiser> I'm cool with a nicer error being caught and described by the ChefClient
16:21 < jkeiser> IMO that will be a refinement we don't need to update the RFC for
16:21 -!- agoddard [sid25875@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bulrzjthstwbrerh] has joined #chef-hacking
16:21 <@ssd7> jkeiser: jaym OK.  We might want to check some of the firewall related cookbooks that might be using arrays for things like "default allowed ports" and such, but that is just a testing concern not an objection to this feature.
16:22 -!- cwj [sid26255@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zdgdjcuykacvjefw] has joined #chef-hacking
16:22 < jkeiser> ssd7: definitely! I have my worries as well. However, I *think* all the cases it will break, are things it should break
16:22 < martinb3> I'm maintaining the cookbook actually titled `firewall ` and I don't believe there's anything like that in there. Maybe in iptables/ufw.
16:22 < jkeiser> jaym: oh right!  we did find one cookbook with that issue, and we had the cookbook maintainer fix it
16:22 < martinb3> I promise to fix it if I see it :)
16:23 < jkeiser> kallistec: I think it's super reasonable to rescue RuntimeError, grep for "cannot modify frozen" and add our own text with "this could be because of X"
16:23 <@ssd7> I've been a bit aloof as a maintainer the last few weeks, but if we aren't already, we should be sure to note popular cookbooks that people will need to update in the release notes when we know about them I think.
16:23 < jkeiser> It doesn't happen to users most of the time, I think
16:23 < kallistec> coderanger: yeah, we're on the same page here. I think we can just add something to error inspectors that catches runtime errors with "can't modify frozen" and then it emits some text about the kind of objects that are typically frozen
16:24 < jkeiser> ssd7: yep, we're running the top 10 cookbooks as tests already and can expand to more pretty easily I suspect
16:24 < kallistec> the things that come to mind are LWRP default values and ENV vars
16:25 <@coderanger> jkeiser: If the examples get fixed, thumbups for merge
16:25 < jkeiser> coderanger: yep! I'm testing those in the background, can report in 10 mins or so
16:25 -!- z [sid31258@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtokmptwkyfpfwtd] has joined #chef-hacking
16:26 < jkeiser> And yes, that's correct
16:27 < jkeiser> The example was the opposite (the text had it right)
16:27 <@coderanger> The text above the example matches the code, the text below it doesn't
16:29 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- [chef-rfc] jkeiser pushed 1 new commit to jk/property-defaults: http://git.io/vOv2K
16:29 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- chef-rfc/jk/property-defaults 7bd3bb6 John Keiser: Fix example to match text
16:29 <@coderanger> +1
16:29 < jkeiser> "Once a default is assigned, it is not re-evaluated."?
16:30 < jkeiser> It seems right to me but my coffee seems not to have kicked in
16:31 < jkeiser> OK, I feel like we should pull the discussion in and up or down?
16:32 < jkeiser> I haven't added the nicer exception text, but I will happily file an issue in Chef right now
16:32 <@ssd7> https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/135/files#diff-33830e75b3da674c1209b19f34e69f4cR83 that sentence is incorrect given the example correct?
16:32 < martinb3> jkeiser: I'd be interested in working on it, if you'd like to assign to me.
16:32 < martinb3> Something new to learn about the codebase :)
16:32 < jkeiser> ssd7: I believe so
16:32 -!- stevenmurawski [sid39739@lopsa/board/stevenmurawski] has joined #chef-hacking
16:32 < jkeiser> ssd7: er
16:32 <@coderanger> jkeiser: Technically it wouldn't hit that line
16:32 -!- daxroc [sid33001@pdpc/supporter/bronze/daxroc] has joined #chef-hacking
16:32 < jkeiser> the sentence looks correct to me, bug again, coffee
16:32 <@coderanger> jkeiser: because the hash set above it would error first
16:32 < jkeiser> but again, coffee
16:33 < jkeiser> coderanger: ah, sure. Easy enough change, but the intent is pretty clear still
16:33 <@coderanger> Yeah, this an RFC, not user docs, so not a big deal either way
16:33 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- [chef-rfc] jkeiser pushed 1 new commit to jk/property-defaults: http://git.io/vOvwI
16:33 -github-bawt:#chef-hacking- chef-rfc/jk/property-defaults c052245 John Keiser: Fix the example order of assignment to match the text
16:33 < jkeiser> It's worth having it be super technically correct though
16:34 < jkeiser> People should be looking back at these for reference
16:34 -!- withnale_ [~withnale_@gateway.wby.mendeley.com] has quit [Ping timeout: 264 seconds]
16:34 <@ssd7> looks good to me now
16:34 < jkeiser> Yay!
16:34 < jkeiser> nathen: I think we're petering out on this :)
16:35 <@thom> yeah, it feels like y'all are converging on being happy
16:36 < jkeiser> https://github.com/chef/chef/issues/3734 is filed on the error message
16:37 <@nathenharvey> are we ready to pull it in then and get it approved?
16:37 -!- Aevin1387_ is now known as Aevin1387
16:38 < jkeiser> coderanger, kallistec, ssd7, and martinb3 are the best ones to respond here. coderanger and ssd7 seem +1 (but please say "no" if I read you wrong), and I suspect the other two as well but don't have an explicit +1
16:38 < jkeiser> by best ones, I mean "the ones most involved in this discussion"
16:38 < martinb3> +1 from me, though I'm just a random community person so I don't think I have any binding vote :)
16:39 <@nathenharvey> martinb3: your vote counts!
16:39 < jkeiser> I am a random community person too, I just happen to work for Chef :)  There are no non-binding votes, the people who are here are the right people
16:39  * martinb3 cheers.
16:39 <@coderanger> We don't vote on RFCs, but thom can't accept it as LT
16:39 <@coderanger> er, thom can
16:39 < jkeiser> And I *really* want to get to the next RFC, I care about it more
16:40 < jkeiser> It actually affects the number of keystrokes I have to type more
16:40 <@thom> yeah, i can. my feeling is that everyone's happy with it, so let's make it so
16:40 <@ssd7> I'm +1
16:40 <@coderanger> +1
16:40 <@nathenharvey> OK, let's move on to Proposal for default resource name and DSL - https://github.com/chef/chef-rfc/pull/136
16:40 <@nathenharvey> we have 10 minutes left
16:41 <@nathenharvey> I'll note that PR-135 was approved
16:41 < jkeiser> This one I think we were even more clearly "let's wait and rubberstamp on" than the last one
16:42 <@thom> yeah, i think this was just to make sure no-one wanted to hit the panic button
16:42 <@coderanger> I'm still -1 on this
16:42 <@coderanger> for the reasons listen in my comments
16:43 < jkeiser> Oh? I don't see any unresolved issues in comments
16:43 < jkeiser> Which one?
16:43 -!- poliva83_ [63ebedb9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.99.235.237.185] has quit [Ping timeout: 246 seconds]
16:43 <@coderanger> Ahh, was added but because the lines I commented on weren't edited it didn't show
16:44 <@coderanger> Better :) Would still rather see no automagic naming outside of Chef::Resource so we could eventually kill it
16:44 <@coderanger> but I won't block on that
16:44 < kallistec> Honestly, I think a tiny bit of cermony is fine
16:45 <@coderanger> (having the name explicitly in the code makes stuff like grep debugging waaaaay easier)
16:45 < jkeiser> I don't mind a bit of ceremony at all--but it depends on just how often we have to do it
16:45 < jkeiser> Like, if the ceremony does the same thing in 98% of cases
16:45 <@coderanger> Also explicit provides() will always be encouraged for Poise stuff because it drives a lot of useful code.
16:46 -!- mornap [~mornap@159.140.254.104] has joined #chef-hacking
16:46 <@nathenharvey> 5 minute warning
16:46 < jkeiser> It means another thing I have to remember if I want to just dash off a quickie resource
16:46 <@coderanger> jkeiser: For most people, quickie means LWRP
16:46 <@jtimberman> jkeiser: i hate remembering things
16:46 <@coderanger> Where this isn't an issue
16:46 <@jtimberman> i'm always going back through old code to cargo cult because i can't remember all the nuances of changes over the years ><
16:47 < kallistec> also, if it's going to be automatic, I want the fewest number of branches possible
16:47 <@ssd7> The problem for me with all the magic behind-the-scenes work is that it tends to be at odds with people eventaully learning the execution/evaluation model
16:47 < lamont_> personally i think every resource should have to declare at least one provides line and a resource_name.  if we want to shorten that would tag one of the provides lines similarly to a 'name attribute' and pick up the resource_name from it.  then i can 'see' everything that is going on and there's no magic.
16:47 <@jtimberman> something that makes it easy for me to clean that up and write resources/providers as "good working examples" is a win
16:47 < martinb3> ssd7: I completely agree. Magic + learning what's under the cover = fighting the magic.
16:47 < jkeiser> At the moment, you can type "use_automatic_resource_name" in your resource
16:48 <@coderanger> The magic isn't terrible, and with the ::resource et al changes I do like it more, but IMO best practice will still be to be explicit
16:48 < jkeiser> And get the current behavior
16:48 < jkeiser> Er, and get the behavior described in the RFC.
16:48 < kallistec> I dislike the ::resource thing; don't like having branches in conventions
16:48 < jkeiser> The reason this particularly came up was when lamont_ noticed my patch to use resource_name in Chef resources used use_automatic_resource_name on *every resource*
16:49 < kallistec> it should be the only way or not at all
16:49 < jkeiser> I'm OK with removing it, it was to support Poise, but Poise won't use this
16:49 <@coderanger> kallistec: Without that, we are actively encouraging terrible layouts
16:49 <@nathenharvey> we're down to 2 minutes.   should we vote on this or move the conversation going to the PR
16:49 < kallistec> coderanger: if you think it's right, then it should be the only way to do it IMO
16:49 < jkeiser> Let's move it to the PR. Sounds like there are new objections
16:49 < kallistec> coderanger: channel your inner python
16:49 < martinb3> I feel like this change could also yield cases where it 'discovers' classes that shouldn't actually be chosen.
16:50 < lamont_> lol @kallistic
16:50 < jkeiser> coderanger: not the case
16:50 <@nathenharvey> OK.  Moving this discussion to the PR and will add this to next week's meeting
16:50 < jkeiser> There are two good layouts that use that naming convention
16:50 <@coderanger> jkeiser: Example?
16:50 < jkeiser> One: use "action" in your resource
16:50 < jkeiser> Two: layout = MyResource for resource, MyResource::Provider for the provider
16:51 <@coderanger> jkeiser: Fair, that is one
16:51 <@nathenharvey> ...and that brings us to time.  Thanks everyone!  See you next week.
16:51 <@coderanger> and for the latter, you need the branching :P
16:51 <@coderanger> (or it wouldn't be automagic)
16:51 < jkeiser> coderanger: explain? The rule of A:ðŸ…±:C = resource named "c" would apply
16:52 <@coderanger>  MyResource::Provider == :my_resource
16:52 <@nathenharvey> ***** MEETING ENDS *****
