Meeting called to order by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) - 16:00

### Community Update (nathenharvey)

* Chef Community Summit - http://summit.chef.io
  * October 14-15, 2015 in Seattle
    * Next week's meeting will be held one hour later than usual to allow many of us to sit in the same room in Seattle and not speak to one another ;)
  * November 3-4, 2015 in London
* Discourse Migration Update
  * Nearly complete.  Targeting cutover before Summit
* CBGB Update
  * Nomination process will begin next week.  Nominations will be accepted for one week.
    * **Users/Contributors** - (a) an organization that uses Chef and that has published at least one use case; and/or (b) an individual contributor to the Project who is not a Company employee or Corporate Contributor.
    * **Corporate Contributors** -  a company that (a) is one of the top eight companies in terms of non-trivial pull requests in the past six months as measured by contributions by all employees; (b) a company that has employees as Maintainers who make significant contributions to the Project; and (c) has committed to integrate Chef software into its products.
  * Voting on the nominees will follow and be open for one week
  * Initial CBGB members will be announced in November
  * Initial CBGB meeting will be held in January, 2016
  * Neither time zones nor travel costs should inhibit anyone from nominating or joining the CBGB.  We will make proper accommodations to allow everyone full participation in the meetings.
* Earlier this week we received reports of some cookbooks failing in Travis with an error from Berkshelf - `:gzip is not registered on Faraday::Response`
  * Just want to remind everyone that installing the Berkshelf gem directly is a bad practice, it should only be used as part of ChefDK.  This is not a practice we've followed in the past but this issue reminded us why ChefDK is the recommended practice.  Here'a an example of a change to a cookbook that we made to fix the way the cookbook is executed in Travis:
  * https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/activemq/commit/b516431c706d46998c20654b4a31a05cf825b854
  * Watch the blog next week for a full write-up of the incident and details on how to propely use Berkself during your automated tests.

### Chef update (jkeiser)

* We're on the very edge of releasing Chef 12.5 and ChefDK 0.9
* Instructions and a list of the goodies to be released are here: https://www.chef.io/blog/chef-12-5-and-chefdk-0-9-prerelease-announcement/
* Please try it out before we hit the "Deliver" button
  * tons of new Policyfile support
  * new custom resource syntax in Chef

Meeting adjourned by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) - 16:42

Next Meeting:

[Thursday, October 15, 2015 10AM-10:50AM PDT](http://everytimezone.com/#2015-10-15,300,cn3)
