Meeting called to order by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) 16:00

### Community Update Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey)

* [ChefConf](https://chefconf.chef.io)
  * Tickets are on sale now.  Early bird ends April 17.
  * Contributor Discounts - Contributor discount code: GotChef This gets you an additional $295 off early bird pricing
  * Notifications to people who submitted to the CFP are going out and everyone will be notified by end of day today.


### Chef Client and Server update - Charles Johnson (chip) & Tyler Ball (tball)

* New HA solution for Chef Server
  * working on a new HA solution for Chef Server, and we're planning to show it off a lot more in the coming months.
  * current plan is to release this as a separate package that can be used with the existing chef server package to build clusters.
  * part of the release of the new HA features, one of the goals is to simplify the existing chef server package, and deprecate & remove support for the tiered and drbd-based ha solutions from the package.
  * Would love your feedback / questions around this, please feel free to reach out at any time.
* Going to release 12.9 next Wednesday
  * first release that includes Windows 64-bit and 32-bit builds available via Omnitruck
  * [more information](https://discourse.chef.io/t/incoming-updates-to-windows-64-bit-build-availability/7989/2)

### Chef Software Update -  Adam Jacob (holoway)

* Nothing to report

### Review Action Items

* RFC or PR for tagging in Discourse (nathenharvey)
  * No progress this week.  Watch for a PR soon.

* Slack migration plan (nathenharvey & coderanger)
  * Nathen and Noah met on Monday to flesh out a plan.
  * Nathen is working with internal Chef team to get the project in the queue

* update the versioning section in rfc047 to note that chef/chef-config/ohai should have their version numbers bumped in sync (thom)
  * Completed, RFC is ready for merge.

### Review Open PRs

* No outstanding PRs to review.

Meeting adjourned by Nathen Harvey (nathenharvey) 16:24

Next Meeting:

[Thursday, April 7, 2016 9AM-9:50AM PDT](http://everytimezone.com/#2016-4-7,240,cn3)
